Add link to automation guide from AI agent API page (#1549)
mintlify/docs: ai/agent.mdx

### Automate with the API

Integrate the agent into your existing automation tools to automatically update documentation when code changes occur, trigger content reviews, or sync documentation updates across multiple repositories.

> See the [automation guide](/guides/automate-agent) for a step-by-step tutorial on setting up automated documentation updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how in the [Auto-update documentation when code is merged](/guides/automate-agent) tutorial.
```
